# Circle
Create a project that has a Circle class. The Circle class should contain:  -One instance variable – radius -A method named setRadius that assigns the passed-in radius value to the radius instance variable -A method named initialize that prompts the user for a radius value and then assigns the entered value to the radius instance variable. (Note that the method will prompt the user, not the driver class.) -A method named printCircleData that uses the circle’s radius to calculate the circle’s diameter, circumference, and area and print the results. Use the Java API constant Math.PI for the value of pi. Use local variables to store the diameter, circumference, and area. Print the circle’s radius, diameter, circumference, and area.  Create a Driver class (the main class) that tests all of the variables and methods of the Circle class. In that driver class, create a circle object and name it “spot”. Initialize it, print the circle data, then set the radius to a different specific value, and print the circle data again.  In the first example, the driver class contained the interaction with the user, asking for the necessary values, then passed that data to the methods in the class. In this example, the method initialize in the class contains the interaction with the user, asking for the radius. How do you decide where the user interaction goes? It’s often best to put those interactions in the class, because it makes the driver class shorter and easier to understand, and it adds documentation to the class. But you can put those interactions in either location, as we demonstrated with these examples.  As in the first example, create a project – name it “Example2Circle”, and the IDE will provide you with the starting structure for the main class, the driver class. If you know what code you need in the driver class, you can go ahead and type it now, and you’ll get a lot of errors because none of the class references exist yet. It’s usually better to create the class and enter its code first, then come back to the driver class to write the code that tests the class.  In the File menu, click on New, then File, and create a new Java class named “Circle”. Write the necessary code to create the instance variable radius, and the methods to initialize, set the radius, and print the results, as described.  Here is the Driver class code. Note that every method in the Circle class is tested. The initialize method will ask the user for the radius and set it, then the driver prints out the results for that circle. Next, the driver executes the method to change the radius to a different value, and prints out those results.
